so today I'm gonna show you the Sims
similar money cheats so so yeah you
don't have to plan but you don't make
your sims plan that's gonna plan it I
didn't make them planet
okay so what you have to do is go ahead
and go to okay you're gonna click that
and you're gonna go through all your
pictures okay so I'm the only pictures
and I'm just gonna go through
and I wanna show you a faces it's all
good okay that's my little paper
okay so then what I did after him
where's you're gonna click the home
button twice right quick see his camera
and sim so you have to delete both apps
under so then you're gonna have to go to
you go to settings okay and don't do
anything and just go to general go to go
to the day in time and then just put
just turn off the set automatically
don't change it though just put setups
okay now you're gonna go to them but in
really fast
click um exit and then go back to Sims
and then that's how I got all of my
things planted without having nice to me
plants but I can't it's not gonna work
that no because I really did it I should
have selected it but I did it for so to
show you how this happen and once you
collect it I'm gonna show you what else
happens
MSP out out all your time might say some
but you're gonna do is go to atone app
and click that money
Hey
so the neighborhood would be like them
okay so that's how you get it like that
and thanks for watching thank